Update route-to-code.md (#20829)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/web-api/route-to-code.md

[!code-csharp[](route-to-code/sample/Startup5.cs?name=snippet)]

## Notable missing features compared to Web API

Route-to-code is designed for basic JSON APIs. It doesn't have support for many of the advanced features provided by ASP.NET Core Web API.

Features not provided by Route-to-code include:

* Model binding
* Model validation
* OpenAPI/Swagger
* Content negotiation
* Constructor dependency injection
* `ProblemDetails` ([https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7807](RFC 7807))

> Consider using [ASP.NET Core web API](xref:web-api/index) to create an API if it requires some of the features listed above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider using [ASP.NET Core web API](xref:web-api/index) to create an API if it requires some of the features in the preceding  list.
```
